Young Master Yang, don't listen to this kid
It's not the real thing.
But it is also an antique
Aren't you contradicting yourself?
Now everyone knows to imitate the ancients
Did the ancients deserve it?
little brother
Do you mean this painting is copied by the ancients?
So how do you know for sure?
It's easy, just chop the Crane fireworks
This guy doesn't talk a lot
You have something to say when distinguishing between true and false
Who will pay for the loss of hundreds of millions?
Mr. Yang
You already knew it was fake, right?
Although this painting is beautiful
But the value isn't quite right either.
The seven or eight hundred thousand is not a problem.
This elementary school actually knows what I'm thinking
Little brother joked
If it weren't for the little brother, you would know the pearl
I'm afraid I'll never know if this painting is beautiful